Please read the whole thing!

Formatting the SD Card Properly
-----------------------
Start with a 16GB (or more) SD Card. Put it in your computer and open the file explorer.
If it doesn't show up, take it out and check the lock slider. Move any data you need off
the SD Card (formatting wipes all the data on it). Right click on the SD Card and click
Format. Set the File System option to FAT32 and the Allocation Unit Size to 64 kilobytes.
Make sure that Quick Format is checked and that the volume label isn't called wiiu then 
click Format. 

Instructions
-----------
First you have to create your homebrew package. Before you do so finish reading this and 
the requirements. Press 1 on the menu to start to create it. You will need to pick a 
method (read the info section). You also can install both if you want to pick a method 
later. Once you pick a method or install both methods the homebrew package will be created.
After that you need to move it to the formatted SD Card. Press 2 on the menu to move the 
package to the SD Card. You will get a list of drives on your computer. Type the drive letter
the SD Card is on and press enter. You will see the moving process happen. Once finished open
the file explorer,right click on the SD Card, and choose Eject. Wait for the Safe to Remove Hardware
notification then you can pull out the sd card.


Information
-----------
Process:
After you run the utility you will use a website that
exploits the browser and boots into the Homebrew Channel.
From there you can install Custom Firmware (CFW) to do what you want to your Wii U.
CFW is just like a jailbroken iPhone or rooted Android device.

What is CFW:
CFW is custom firmware meaning that you can run unsigned code and apps on your Wii U.
You can also install these unsigned apps to the home screen.

Methods:
There are two CFW methods: Haxchi and Mocha CFW.
Please read about both and choose one.

Haxchi:
Haxchi uses a compatible Virtual Console DS game from the eshop to use as a
launcher for CFW on the home screen. Check list.txt for a compatibility list.

Mocha CFW:
Mocha CFW uses the browser exploit and homebrew channel to install CFW. This method
doesn't require any games but requires you to do the browser exploit after every reboot.
If you can, use the Haxchi method.  